Add section on mocking portals for tests (#36)
HugoGiraudel/react-a11y-dialog: README.md

## Server-side rendering

`react-a11y-dialog` does not render anything on the server, and waits for the client bundle to kick in to render the dialog through the React portal.

## Mocking portals in tests

> When you're using `react-a11y-dialog` in your unit tests, it is necessary to mock React Portals and inject them to the root DOM before your tests are running. To accomplish that create helper methods that attach all portals before a test and remove them afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you’re using `react-a11y-dialog` in your unit tests, it is necessary to mock React Portals and inject them to the root DOM before your tests are running. To accomplish that, create helper functions that attach all portals before a test and remove them afterwards.
```
